Agenda
######

 - Check in

 - Utilities
   - Bingham to move bills into LLC, set up autopay if possible.
 - Wire running from house.
   - Tony will disconnect the wire.
 - House Chores
   - Tony making chore wheel.
   - Tony will purchase trash cans and village will repay.

 - Tony Selling Bikes

 - Communication, Meetings and Workdays
   - Workdays are 1st and 3rd sunday, Mandatory, warning of missed days is required on previous meeting day.
     Workday starts at 3pm, Meeting at 6pm.  Only 6 hours of work per month required (only workday work).

 - Buy 1710
    - Rick is skittish about selling. --phone number hidden-- 

 - Budget Dues Money

   - Little Room post Danny
     - Find someone to fill the little room.  Avertise for the little room.

   - Susan/Whitney Move
     - Find someone to fill the front upper room.
     - Bingham will write posts for the website that we can all.  

 - Party next Friday the 29th.

 - Website
    - New website: http://www.dandelionvillage.org

[- Long Term Todo List 
   - House Purchase
   - Long Term Orchard Todo List
 - Village buy a Truck (to rent?)] Skipped

 - Plan Next Workday -- Will do on day of.
     - Clear front porch
     - Chicken Coop
     - Compost Bin
     - Weeding (Paths/Beds)
     - Front Beds 
     - South hill beds

Land Todo List
##############

 - [ ] Build proper compost piles
 - [ ] Weed beds (Constant)
   - [ ] Long term weed solution
 - [ ] Map Orchard
 - [ ] Plant trees in Currant Bed
 - [ ] Move Goji berry
 - [ ] Plant trees astride the Goumi
 - [ ] Plant tree beside the wild Apple
 - [ ] Clean up outdoor classroom
   - [ ] Build proper stage
   - [ ] Build benches
 - [ ] Sheet mulch Orchard beds
 - [ ] Spread Mushroom spawn
 - [ ] Innocate existing trees 
 - [ ] Plant tree in top entry bed
 - [ ] Build bed up against the top brush fence
 - [ ] Build organic beds on the south hill
 - [ ] Build greenhouses at base of south hill 
 - [ ] Build the big pond
   - [ ] Pool greenhouse?
 - [ ] Build chicken coop + run

Village Legal Todo List
#######################

 - [ ] Move bills in to LLC name
 - [ ] LLC Bank account structures
 - [ ] LLC operating agreement
 - [ ] Membership legal structure?
 - [ ] Member ownership through LLC?
 - [ ] Change LLC registered agent (Bingham?)
 - [ ] Buy 1710
 - [ ] Buy village land
