Village Meeting 1-4-2015
========================

Agenda
------

- [x] The Houses for Sale 
- [x] Financial Update
- [x] Github for Documents 
- [x] Schedule Operating Agreement Meeting
- [x] Distribute Switching Over the Utilities 
- [x] Decisions Between Meetings 
- [x] Tool Share
- [x] Lease Agreements
- [x] Member Directory
- [x] Potlucks
- [x] Draft a Mission Statement

Houses For Sale
---------------

Already been sold.

Financial Update
----------------

We have ~$1000 in the bank and $2500 coming in to the bank.  We've already paid
January's rent.

**Bingham** will take rent to the bank.

Github for Documents
--------------------

We'll start using Github as a place to store village documents, including
meeting notes and any legal documents we draft.

Schedule Meeting for Operating Agreement
----------------------------------------

We will devote the next several workdays to drafting an operating agreement
for the LLC.

Distribute the Utility Switches
-------------------------------

- **Aaron** will do Water.
- **Tony** will do Electric and Cable.

The Return of Aaron
-------------------

Aaron shall return and will be using some of Dandemonium's utilities.

Decisions Between Meetings
--------------------------

How should we make decisions that can't wait for the next meeting?  

We'll use the mailing for decisions between meetings.  Messages that require vote
should have a subject line of the format: 

  [VOTE] The topic of discussion - the expiration date

For example:
  
  [VOTE] Potential new Member - 12-29-2014

Members will have up until the expiration date to respond with their vote.  If
they do not respond, they are counted as abstaining.  If objects are raised the
topic can be either post poned until the next meeting or an emergency meeting
can be called.

Tool Share
----------

**Bingham** will contact Rick about renting the garage space and will work with the
Glen Carter memorial tool share to set up the hackerspace and tool library.

Member Directory
----------------

 -- Non - public -- 

Lease Agreements
----------------

Went over the draft lease agreement, made revisions.

**Tony** will write second draft.

Events
------

Village will add a regular agenda item to discuss planning an event every
month.

Draft a Mission Statement
-------------------------

Post poned for a future meeting.

