3-1-2015 Meeting Notes 
======================

Agenda
------

- [x] Bills and LLC
- [x] Center for Sustainble Living
- [x] Bloomington Cooperative Living
- [x] NASCO
- [x] Elizabeth Rue (Taxes)
- [x] Insurance
- [x] Zach, Ann and Old Mess
- [x] Seeding and Planting
- [x] Splitwise
- [ ] Operating Agreement
- [ ] Room rental flyer rough draft

Bills and the LLC
-----------------

Gas has been high this year.  Smell in kitchen, possibly leak? *Alex* will figure out
how to check for leaks.  Bills are all in the LLC.  We still need to set up autopay.

Autopay -- *Bingham* needs bills so he can set up autopay:

- [x] Vectren
- [ ] Water
- [ ] Electric
- [ ] Cable


From *Alex*: 

> The utility spilt for February should be as follows:
>
> Alex       - $79.79
>
> Austin    - $79.79
>
> Tony       - $44.85
>
> Aaron     - $55.80
>
> Tony, I took the amount you paid out-of-pocket for the internet out of your split.
>
> Per a conversation I had with Aaron, he said to split him up evenly on all
> utilities except for the heat. I thought that was fair and put him on an even
> split for everything but gas (which I still split, but at a smaller
> percentage.

*The village* will compensate *Tony* for outstanding splitwise expenses.

Center for Sustainable Living
-----------------------------

The Center for Sustainable Living might be interested in working with us.
Unclear to what degree.  Potential for long term partnership post build.

Bloomington Cooperative Living
------------------------------

BCL is looking for board members.  

NASCO
-----

Talked with NASCO, suggested a way to breakdown the build.  Expressed interest
in working with us in the future.  Also offer Non-profit consulting for $50 an
hour. 

Existing Structures 
-------------------

Zach's house is starting to fall apart.  Can we save it?

Concern expressed about the soundness the hut.

Elizabeth Rue (Taxes)
---------------------

*Bingham* will get tax estimate.

Liability Insurance
-------------------

*Bingham* wants to investigate liability insurance.  Village is okay with it.

Zach, Ann and Land
------------------

Ambigous Danny/Village debt to Ann is village's.  Zach will treat as
pre-existing debt.  A little more back and forth between Zach, *Bingham* and
Ann is needed then we can write the contract.

Seeding and Planting
--------------------

Village needs potting soil. Will start seeds at the next workday: Sunday the
15th at 3pm - 6 pm. *Jakie* will create flyer and post.

Flyer for Room Rental
---------------------

*Alex* has a flyer draft he'll send around.


